src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacade.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:31:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:31:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setEstado' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setEstado' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCreador' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCreador' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeActividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:16:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombreActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:16:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombreActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:18:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:18:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:20:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:20:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNicknameProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNicknameProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:24:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:24:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:26:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:26:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:28:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAcceso' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:28:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAcceso' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:32:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:32:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeClase.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:15:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:15:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:17:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:17:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescuento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescuento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:47:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:47:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeCuponera.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:14:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:14:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:16:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:16:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:18:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:18:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:20:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:20:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeInstitucion.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:1:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:1:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:19:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:21:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:23:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:25:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:31:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:31:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:52:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:52:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:56:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:56:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:73:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:73:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:75:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:75:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:79:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:79:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:86:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:86:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:90:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:90:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:92:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:92:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:96:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:96:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:98:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:98:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:100:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:100:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:102:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:102:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractFacadeUsuario.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:14:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:14:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/AbstractRegistry.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:8:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:8:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeActividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeActividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeClase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeClase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeCuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeCuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeInstitucion' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeInstitucion' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeUsuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Fabrica.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facadeUsuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=63, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=63, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeActividad' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeActividad' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeActividad' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:38:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeActividad' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'crearActividad()' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'crearActividad()' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearActividad' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearActividad' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'crearActividad()' has an NPath complexity of 432, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'crearActividad()' has an NPath complexity of 432, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearActividad' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:41:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearActividad' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:62:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'creador'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:62:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'creador'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'creador' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'creador' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:127:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:128:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:129:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:131:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:131:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:143:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasActiv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasActiv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:145:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:145:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nombre' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nombre' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaActividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaActividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'registrarseSinCuponera(String, String, LocalDate)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'registrarseSinCuponera(String, String, LocalDate)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'soci' (lines '183'-'213').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'soci' (lines '183'-'213').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:183:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:188:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:188:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:190:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:190:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:191:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:191:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesDeSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesDeSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:204:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:204:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:207:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:207:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'registrarseConCuponera(String, String, String, LocalDate)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'registrarseConCuponera(String, String, String, LocalDate)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'soci' (lines '220'-'252').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'soci' (lines '220'-'252').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:220:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cup' (lines '221'-'252').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cup' (lines '221'-'252').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:221:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:226:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:226:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:229:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:229:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesDeSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesDeSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:245:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:245:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:246:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:246:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:248:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:248:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:255:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:255:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '256'-'269').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '256'-'269').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:256:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:265:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:265:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:272:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:272:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:274:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:274:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:275:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:275:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:309:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:309:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actividades' (lines '311'-'317').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actividades' (lines '311'-'317').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cuponeras' (lines '312'-'317').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cuponeras' (lines '312'-'317').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:312:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:313:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:313:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:313:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:313:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:314:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:314:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:323:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:323:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:334:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:334:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:335:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:335:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:341:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:341:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:354:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:355:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividad.java:355:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeClase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeClase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeClase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeClase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'crearClase()' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'crearClase()' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearClase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearClase' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'crearClase()' has an NPath complexity of 384, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'crearClase()' has an NPath complexity of 384, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearClase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:27:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearClase' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:38:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:38:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreActividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreActividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like nicknameProfesores
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nicknameProfesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nicknameProfesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:101:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'invoke' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:101:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'invoke' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:101:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'invoke' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:101:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'invoke' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividades' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:103:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:104:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registroDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registroDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividadRegistroDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividadRegistroDateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadRegistroDateTime
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadRegistroDateTime
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:127:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:127:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nickname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nickname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaClase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaClase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:168:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:168:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:183:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:183:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:192:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:192:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:193:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:193:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClase.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeCuponera' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeCuponera' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeCuponera' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:26:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeCuponera' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:29:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearCuponera' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:29:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearCuponera' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:29:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearCuponera' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:29:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearCuponera' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inconsistencias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:95:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:95:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:103:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:103:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaCup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaCup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:123:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:123:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:123:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:123:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activ' (lines '126'-'135').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activ' (lines '126'-'135').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:126:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:131:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:131:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:139:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:139:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:139:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:139:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ins' (lines '144'-'151').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ins' (lines '144'-'151').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:144:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:145:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:145:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:150:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'res'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:150:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'res'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:155:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:155:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:155:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:155:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cup' (lines '157'-'173').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cup' (lines '157'-'173').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'activ' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:163:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:163:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:188:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:188:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:191:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:191:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'par' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'par' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreCuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreCuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:211:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:211:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comprasSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comprasSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:218:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:218:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaCompra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevaCompra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:223:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:234:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:234:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:234:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:234:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:235:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:235:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponera.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instituciones' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:87:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:87:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ident' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucion.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:1:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:1:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeUsuario' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeUsuario' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeUsuario' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:25:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FacadeUsuario' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearProfesor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearProfesor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearProfesor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:28:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearProfesor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inst' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profsEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profsEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sociosEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sociosEmail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'boolean1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'boolean1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'boolean2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'boolean2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:136:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:136:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:161:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearSocio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:161:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearSocio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:161:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearSocio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:161:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearSocio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sociosE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sociosE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'noExisteN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'noExisteN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'noExisteE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'noExisteE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:241:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:241:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:251:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosSocio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:251:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosSocio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:251:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosSocio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:251:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosSocio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:254:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:254:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:256:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:256:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:260:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:260:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:262:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:262:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:301:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:301:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:302:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:302:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:304:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:304:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:307:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:307:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:308:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:308:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:310:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:310:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:311:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:311:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor()' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor()' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor()' has an NPath complexity of 256, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor()' has an NPath complexity of 256, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:317:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'modificarDatosProfesor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:320:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:320:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:322:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:322:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:324:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:324:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:326:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:326:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:328:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:328:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:330:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:330:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:332:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:332:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:334:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:334:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:355:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:355:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:367:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:367:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:388:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:388:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:389:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:389:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:391:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:391:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:392:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:392:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:394:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:394:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:395:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:395:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:397:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:397:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:398:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:398:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:400:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:400:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:401:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:401:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:403:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:403:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:404:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:404:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:406:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:406:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:407:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:407:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:409:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:409:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:410:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:410:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:417:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:417:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:420:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:420:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:429:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:429:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:430:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:430:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:432:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:432:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:443:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:443:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:449:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucionNombreProfesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:449:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucionNombreProfesor' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:449:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like institucionNombreProfesor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:449:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like institucionNombreProfesor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:457:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:457:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:460:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:460:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:462:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSocio'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:462:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSocio'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:464:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:464:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:464:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:464:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:469:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:469:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:469:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:470:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:470:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:471:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:471:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:473:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataProfe'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:473:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataProfe'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:480:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profesores' (lines '482'-'494').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profesores' (lines '482'-'494').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:490:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:490:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:490:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:490:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:493:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:493:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:497:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:497:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:497:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:497:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:498:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:498:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '499'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '499'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:502:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:502:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:504:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:504:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '505'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '505'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '507'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '507'-'519').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "No existe un usuario de nickname " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 509
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "No existe un usuario de nickname " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 509
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:509:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:514:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:516:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:516:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:516:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:516:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:523:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:523:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '524'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '524'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:524:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:527:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:527:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:529:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:529:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '530'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '530'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:530:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '532'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usuarioSeguido' (lines '532'-'544').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:534:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:534:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:534:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:534:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:536:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:536:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:537:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:539:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:541:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:541:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:541:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:541:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:547:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:547:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:548:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:548:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:548:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:548:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socios' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '549'-'561').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profes' (lines '549'-'561').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:553:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:553:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:555:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:555:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:556:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:558:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:558:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:558:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:558:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuario.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Registry' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=9, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:15:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Registry' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=9, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'actividades' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'actividades' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:17:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'clases' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'clases' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:19:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cuponeras' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cuponeras' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:21:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'instituciones' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'instituciones' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'profesores' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'profesores' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:25:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'profesoresMail' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'profesoresMail' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:27:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'socios' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'socios' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:29:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sociosMail' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sociosMail' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:31:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'categorias' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'categorias' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/Registry.java:33:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataActividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataActividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponeras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponeras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:79:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:79:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:81:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:81:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:83:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:83:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:87:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:87:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:89:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:89:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:91:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:91:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:93:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:93:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:159:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:159:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividad.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:22:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccesoURL' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccesoURL' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accesoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accesoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:70:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:70:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:72:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:72:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:74:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:76:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:76:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:78:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:78:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:80:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:80:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accesoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'accesoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClase.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataCuponera' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataCuponera' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponera.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesOfrecidas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesOfrecidas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:49:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:49:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:51:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:51:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:93:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:93:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:95:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:95:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucion.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataProfesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataProfesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividades' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividades' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAceptadas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAceptadas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aceptadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aceptadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSinAceptar' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSinAceptar' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sinAceptar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sinAceptar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:128:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:128:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:130:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:130:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:132:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:132:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:134:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:134:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:136:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:136:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:138:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:138:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aceptadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aceptadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sinAceptar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sinAceptar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:203:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:203:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesor.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponeras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponeras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:84:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:84:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:104:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode: Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:104:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode: Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocio.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataUsuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DataUsuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:75:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:75:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataUsuario.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DescActividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DescActividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescActividad.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DescProfesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DescProfesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:53:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:53:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DescProfesor.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'domain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'domain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:13:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prefix' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prefix' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'domain' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'domain' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:30:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:30:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:32:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:32:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'domain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'domain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/Email.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'boole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'boole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nomb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nomb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:14:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:14:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setNombre method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setNombre method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setEsSocio method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setEsSocio method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'boole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/MiniUsuario.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'boole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoAceptadaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ActividadRepetidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CategoriaRepetidaException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseInconsistenteException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ClaseNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraInconsistenteException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/CuponeraYaPoseidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/EmailParseException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionNoEncontradaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/InstitucionRepetidaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/PasswordInvalidaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/ProfesorNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/RegistroInconsistenteException.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inconsistencia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SinCategoriaException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/SocioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioNoEncontradoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/exceptions/UsuarioRepetidoException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:15:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Actividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=33)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:15:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Actividad' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=33)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDuracion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCosto' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClases' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setEstado' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setEstado' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setIntegras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setIntegras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:99:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:99:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:101:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:101:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:103:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:103:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:105:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:105:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:107:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:107:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:109:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:109:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:111:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:111:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:113:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:113:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:115:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:115:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:117:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:117:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duracion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'costo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'estado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:231:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:231:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:232:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:232:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:233:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:233:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:234:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:234:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:239:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:239:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:285:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:285:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:285:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:285:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'desc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Actividad.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'desc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ActividadEstado.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ActividadEstado.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponeras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cupo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cupo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:65:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:65:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Categoria.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Clase' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=30.769%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=31)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Clase' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=30.769%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=31)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:26:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCantMax' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAcceso' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAcceso' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setProfesores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividad' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:96:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:96:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:100:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:102:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:102:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:104:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:104:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:106:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:106:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:108:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:108:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:110:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:110:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:112:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:112:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:132:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'registros'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:132:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'registros'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:132:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'registros' is never used
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:132:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'registros' is never used
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'acceso' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'profesores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:224:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:224:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevoReg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nuevoReg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:254:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:254:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descProfes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descProfes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Clase.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Compra' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Compra' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Compra.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:24:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInicio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFin' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFechaRegistro' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescuento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescuento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setIntegras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setIntegras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCategorias' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:92:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:92:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:96:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:100:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:100:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:102:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:102:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:104:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:104:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:106:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:106:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:108:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:108:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inicio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descuento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:192:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:192:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:196:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:196:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fechaRegistro' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:216:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:216:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comprada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comprada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:233:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:233:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:234:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:234:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:235:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:235:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:241:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:241:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'acts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasStrings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoriasStrings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:255:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:255:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:257:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:257:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:258:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:258:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:258:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:258:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:263:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:263:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'act' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'act' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:264:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '264'-'268').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:264:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '264'-'268').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Cuponera.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUrl' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesOfrecidas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesOfrecidas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:60:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:60:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:62:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:62:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:64:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:64:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:68:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:68:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:113:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:113:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesOfrecidas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesOfrecidas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Institucion.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Integra' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Integra' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantClases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantClases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantClases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantClases' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Integra.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Profesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Profesor' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDescripcion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuariosSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuariosSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBiografia' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSitioWeb' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setInstitucion' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClasesDictadas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClasesDictadas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesRegistradas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setActividadesRegistradas' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:136:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:136:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:138:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:138:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:144:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:144:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:144:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:144:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:146:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:151:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:151:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesRegistradas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesRegistradas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividadesRegistradas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descripcion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'biografia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sitioWeb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'institucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clasesDictadas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actividades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucionNombre' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucionNombre' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividadesAsociadas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividadesAsociadas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:223:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesAsociadas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:223:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like actividadesAsociadas
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataAct' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataAct' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidoresString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidoresString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidosString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidosString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clasesData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actAceptadas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actAceptadas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actSinAceptar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actSinAceptar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'act' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:253:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:253:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:253:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:253:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:255:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:255:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:255:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:255:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Profesor.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Registro' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Registro' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=27.273%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClaseAsociada' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setClaseAsociada' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFecha' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setFecha' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSocio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSocio' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponera' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCuponera' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:49:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:49:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:51:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:51:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claseAsociada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'socio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Registro.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNickname' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNombre' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setApellido' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCorreo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setNacimiento' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRegistros' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCompras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCompras' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setPassword' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuariosSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuariosSeguidos' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setSeguidores' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setImagen' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:105:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:105:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:107:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:107:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registros' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compras' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:150:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:150:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:152:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:152:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cantRegistros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cantRegistros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cantClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cantClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:155:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:155:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activ' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '163'-'172').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '163'-'172').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:166:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:166:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:167:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:167:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claseRegistro' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claseRegistro' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:172:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:172:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '172'-'172').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '172'-'172').
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registros' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClases' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponeras' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidoresString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidoresString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidosString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'seguidosString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Socio.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Usuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=24.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=28)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Usuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=24.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=28)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apellido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'correo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuariosSeguidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seguidores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imagen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/Usuario.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'FacadeContainer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'FacadeContainer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeActividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeActividad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeClase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeClase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeCuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeCuponera' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeInstitucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeInstitucion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeUsuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'facadeUsuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FacadeContainer.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:8:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:8:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'hour' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'hour' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'hour' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:10:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'hour' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'minute' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'minute' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'minute' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:12:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'minute' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hours' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hours' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minutes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minutes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hoursStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hoursStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minutesStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/util/FechaUtil.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minutesStr' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:21:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:24:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataActividad' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:88:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataActividad' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:115:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:115:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:116:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:116:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:118:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:118:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:119:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:119:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:120:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:120:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:125:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:125:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getActividadesDeInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:129:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getActividadesDeInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:170:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:170:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:171:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:171:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:172:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:172:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getActividadesDeCategoria' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:176:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getActividadesDeCategoria' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:216:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:216:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:217:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:217:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:218:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:218:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCategorias' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:222:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCategorias' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:235:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:235:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:240:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:269:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:269:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:270:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:274:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:274:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:274:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:274:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:315:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:315:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:315:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:315:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:353:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeActividadTest.java:353:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:26:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:29:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:59:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 22 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:59:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 22 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesoresNickname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:109:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:109:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like profesoresNickname
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataClase' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:126:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataClase' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:181:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:181:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'profesores' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:187:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:187:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeClaseTest.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:22:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:25:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 74 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 74 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:43:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:63:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:63:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "cat1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:126:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:126:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:127:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:127:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:131:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:203:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:203:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:204:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:204:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:204:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:205:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:205:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCuponeras' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:209:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCuponeras' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:244:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:244:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:245:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:245:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:246:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:246:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:247:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:247:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataCuponera' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:251:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataCuponera' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:324:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:324:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:325:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:325:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:329:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad3' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:329:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad3' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad4' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'descActividad4' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:346:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:400:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:400:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:401:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCuponerasSinCompras' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:405:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCuponerasSinCompras' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:406:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:406:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:440:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:442:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:442:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:443:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:443:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:443:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeCuponeraTest.java:443:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:18:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:21:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getInstituciones' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:41:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getInstituciones' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:53:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:53:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:58:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:70:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:70:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:71:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:71:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:72:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:72:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeInstitucionTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:25:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:28:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 120 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 120 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "pass" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "pass" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "mail.com" appears 26 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "mail.com" appears 26 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test2" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test2" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:67:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:76:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 17 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:76:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "https://test" appears 17 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getSocios' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:123:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getSocios' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:139:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:139:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getProfesores' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:143:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getProfesores' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:169:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:169:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataProfesor' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:173:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataProfesor' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:231:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:231:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:231:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:231:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:232:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:232:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:233:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:233:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:234:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:234:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:235:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:235:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataSocio' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:240:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getDataSocio' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:333:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:333:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:334:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:334:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:335:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:335:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:336:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:336:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:340:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:341:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:341:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:364:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:364:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:365:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:365:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:366:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:366:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:370:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:396:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "prof" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 396
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:396:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "prof" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 396
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:405:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:407:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:407:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:408:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:408:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:409:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:409:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:410:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:410:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:411:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:411:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:412:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:412:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'seguirUsuarios()' has a NCSS line count of 63.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:416:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'seguirUsuarios()' has a NCSS line count of 63.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:417:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:417:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:472:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:476:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:478:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:489:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:497:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:497:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:497:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:497:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:501:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:501:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:501:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:501:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:515:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:517:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getProfesoresDeInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:527:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getProfesoresDeInstitucion' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:528:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:528:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:564:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:566:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:566:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:567:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:567:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:567:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:567:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:568:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:568:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:568:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:568:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:572:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fabrica' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/FacadeUsuarioTest.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'facades' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataActividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataActividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:15:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 15
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:15:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 15
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataActividad2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataActividad2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataActividadTest.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:16:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClase1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClase1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:18:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:18:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClase2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataClase2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:45:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:45:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:46:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataClaseTest.java:46:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:13:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 13
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:13:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 13
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponera1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponera1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponera2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataCuponera2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataCuponeraTest.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataInstitucion1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataInstitucion1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:15:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 15
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:15:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 15
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataInstitucion2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataInstitucion2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataInstitucionTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfesor1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfesor1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:14:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 14
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:14:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 14
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfesor2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataProfesor2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataProfesorTest.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:14:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 14
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:14:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "test" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 14
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSocio2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/data/DataSocioTest.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CategoriaTest.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:16:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/ClaseTest.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compra2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:20:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/CompraTest.java:20:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:12:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucion1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucion1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucion2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'institucion2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:25:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:25:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/InstitucionTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:9:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:12:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actividad1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integra2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/IntegraTest.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:10:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:13:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'socio' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cuponera' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clase' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registro1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registro1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registro2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'registro2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:32:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:32:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/entrenamosuy/core/model/RegistroTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
